yt-dlp: update page (#12580)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/yt-dlp.md

`yt-dlp "{{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0}}"`

> - List all formats that a video or playlist is available in:

Reviewer: removes some clarity, unnecessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- List the available downloadable formats for a video:
```

`yt-dlp --list-formats "{{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0}}"`

> - Download a video or playlist at a specific quality:

Reviewer: This has removed key information to the user, why?

`yt-dlp "{{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0}}"`

- List all formats that a video or playlist is available in:

`yt-dlp --list-formats "{{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0}}"`

> - Download a video or playlist at a specific quality:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Download a video or playlist using best MP4 video available (default is "bv\*+ba/b"):
```
What about this? I agree with @CleanMachine1, your change removes key information for the user.

`yt-dlp --list-formats "{{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0}}"`

> - Download a video or playlist using best MP4 video available (default is "bv\*+ba/b"):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Download a video or playlist using the best MP4 video available (default is "bv\*+ba/b"):
```

- Specify audio format and audio quality of extracted audio (between 0 (best) and 10 (worst), default = 5):

> `yt-dlp --extract-audio --audio-format {{mp3}} --audio-quality {{0}} "{{url}}"`

Reviewer 2: Thanks for your contribution. Can you update the same in other examples?

Author: What other examples?

Reviewer 2: > What other examples?

The placeholder examples above.

- Download all playlists of YouTube channel/user keeping each playlist in separate directory:

> `yt-dlp -o "{{%(uploader)s/%(playlist)s/%(playlist_index)s - %(title)s.%(ext)s}}" "{{url}}"`

Reviewer: this isn't the best of changes, how is the user to know that a playlist is needed

Reviewer 3: I agree.

@thrila we try to be as clear as possible, and we use descriptive placeholder. I don't see any benefits on removing the example from the placeholder.

What about reverting this change?

- Download Udemy course keeping each chapter in separate directory under MyVideos directory in your home:

`yt-dlp -u {{user}} -p {{password}} -P "{{~/MyVideos}}" -o "{{%(playlist)s/%(chapter_number)s - %(chapter)s/%(title)s.%(ext)s}}" "{{url}}"`

> - Download entire series season keeping each series and each season in separate directory under C:/MyVideos:

Reviewer: This actually needs changing, its windows specific for a `common` page

> `yt-dlp -P "{{C:/MyVideos}}" -o "{{%(series)s/%(season_number)s - %(season)s/%(episode_number)s - %(episode)s.%(ext)s}}" "{{url}}"`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`yt-dlp -P "{{path/to/directory}}" -o "{{%(series)s/%(season_number)s - %(season)s/%(episode_number)s - %(episode)s.%(ext)s}}" "{{url}}"`
```

Please see https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#paths

Reviewer: FYI, this was marked as resolved without any commits being added.
Do not close comments from maintainers without discussing or doing the suggested change.

`yt-dlp --extract-audio --audio-format {{mp3}} --audio-quality {{0}} "{{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0}}"`

- Download all playlists of a YouTube channel/user keeping each playlist in a separate directory:

> `yt-dlp -o "{{%(uploader)s/%(playlist)s/%(playlist_index)s - %(title)s.%(ext)s}}" "{{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0}}"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`yt-dlp -o "{{%(uploader)s/%(playlist)s/%(playlist_index)s - %(title)s.%(ext)s}}" "{{https://www.youtube.com/user/TheLinuxFoundation/playlists}}"`
```

- Download a Udemy course keeping each chapter in a separate directory:

`yt-dlp -u {{user}} -p {{password}} -P "{{path/to/directory}}" -o "{{%(playlist)s/%(chapter_number)s - %(chapter)s/%(title)s.%(ext)s}}" "{{https://www.udemy.com/java-tutorial}}"`

- Download the entire series season keeping each series and each season in a separate directory:

> `yt-dlp -P "{{path/to/directory}}" -o "{{%(series)s/%(season_number)s - %(season)s/%(episode_number)s - %(episode)s.%(ext)s}}" "{{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0}}"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`yt-dlp -P "{{path/to/directory}}" -o "{{%(series)s/%(season_number)s - %(season)s/%(episode_number)s - %(episode)s.%(ext)s}}" "{{https://videomore.ru/kino_v_detalayah/5_sezon/367617}}"`
```

Reviewer 5: Is this URL valid because I got 403?

Reviewer 2: > Is this URL valid because I got 403?

Oh, I didn't check for it (just reverted the change), do you have any suggestions for a new one?

Reviewer 5: > > Is this URL valid because I got 403?
> 
> Oh, I didn't check for it (just reverted the change), do you have any suggestions for a new one?

No, because I don't understand this example fully.

Reviewer 5: > Maybe a playlist like [youtube.com/playlist?list=PLqE7PUanPIFTs1Zy1Lz270nUHhtZcx66e&si=VTWFdggY2cbLCLsP](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLqE7PUanPIFTs1Zy1Lz270nUHhtZcx66e&si=VTWFdggY2cbLCLsP)?

Using the command with this playlist resulted in a folder like this:
```
└── NA
    └── NA - NA
        ├── NA - NA.mkv
        └── NA - NA.webm
```
Maybe just remove the example?

Reviewer 5: @kbdharun what you think about deleting this example?

Reviewer 2: > @kbdharun what you think about deleting this example?

I guess it's fine to delete it, as it seems to be a bit complicated.

> - Download all playlists of YouTube channel/user keeping each playlist in separate directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Download all playlists of a YouTube channel/user keeping each playlist in a separate directory:
```

`yt-dlp -o "{{%(uploader)s/%(playlist)s/%(playlist_index)s - %(title)s.%(ext)s}}" "{{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0}}"`

> - Download Udemy course keeping each chapter in separate directory under path/to/directory directory in your home:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Download a Udemy course keeping each chapter in a separate directory:
```

> `yt-dlp -u {{user}} -p {{password}} -P "{{path/to/directory}}" -o "{{%(playlist)s/%(chapter_number)s - %(chapter)s/%(title)s.%(ext)s}}" "{{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mwa0_nE9H7A}}"`

Reviewer 2: This link for the example should be an Udemy one

```suggestion
`yt-dlp -u {{user}} -p {{password}} -P "{{path/to/directory}}" -o "{{%(playlist)s/%(chapter_number)s - %(chapter)s/%(title)s.%(ext)s}}" "{{https://www.udemy.com/java-tutorial}}"`
```

> - Download entire series season keeping each series and each season in separate directory under path/to/directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Download the entire series season keeping each series and each season in a separate directory:
```

> `yt-dlp -P "{{path/to/directory}}" -o "{{%(series)s/%(season_number)s - %(season)s/%(episode_number)s - %(episode)s.%(ext)s}}" "{{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mwa0_nE9H7A}}"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`yt-dlp -P "{{path/to/directory}}" -o "{{%(series)s/%(season_number)s - %(season)s/%(episode_number)s - %(episode)s.%(ext)s}}" "{{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0}}"`
```
For consistency with other example links.
